hello hello listening to something and with
Citadel has since made a discreet
game looks like a growing Cesena
started a bit of optimism now
church you only listen to because you have lost
an ugly 160 points is resolved like them
this will support this variation in three
days are bag
maybe we want to distance ourselves too
now two days off
but I know why they are all these
for now as you know what i think there
both behind maybe even a bit of fear
of me knows that to many arrears
we say that it acquires an even meaning
a bit of training in fatigue is
this
we must do this is now there
home game to win absolutely
for the past few months
my father made of facts therefore
workouts
he always said the impression at 3
in the load I see it ready
and in fact what he did play
always maybe from the beginning though ad
example given confidence
as you see mister and the shelters
situation is nice I imagine for sure
why
every station of the fact and not of the
Street
the building is always so comical
well gave confidence and now I will
do
certainly under the wave in the body
always keeping in mind the whole state
what in fact is that it still cannot
to miss
regardless of skin color
however playing the trappings for talents a
too much of a pause program as in
a few seconds had arrived at
investigated and I hope you have files
because it pleases me like who knows if not
have it if these carry them 2
primary on television and with one
child
certainly the great cross vote and play on
game
how it looks like
I said series of whistles for
category with us we are to the fact that I have
seen
and hard second I'm glad he has
made the debut I have to continue
now he wouldn't do it I am charged and the
return with the accounts before with stop
of cold wonders I ask myself that
to great talent the great great
play and then resonate your love
but I have been constantly in the sense
that during a time even the unique senses
we almost don't live in mynamar cesar
makes the man own balloon system
Left themes than you are
some 34 minutes while a few plays
things and the players leave there and if
human love I say things done to
cold mark and the point that your god
because to be public to find again
they are united and nobody knows what they are
these crises and now where to look
and concentrated